# Status Codes Based On REST Methods  

## In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:
1. 100’s =These are informational status codes. 
2. 200’s =These are the success codes
3. 300’s =These are redirection codes
4. 400’s =These are the client error codes
5. 500’s =These are the server error codes  

## What is a status code 202?  
* This code tells the client that the request was valid, 

## What is a status code 308?  
 When the URL to a resource could change in the future, and the client should always ask the current URL before accessing the real one.

## What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?  
* 204  

## What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?  
* 409  

## What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?
* 403  

# mongoDB 

## Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?  
* to send the datta from backend to frontend   

## What is middleware?  
Middleware is software that provides common services and capabilities to applications outside of what’s offered by the operating system.  

## What does `app.use(express.json())` do?  
*  is a method inbuilt in express to recognize the incoming Request Object as a JSON Object. 

## What does the `/:id ` mean in a route?  
* 

## What is the difference beween `PUT` and `PATCH` ?  
* PUT : is a method of modifying resource where the client sends data that updates the entire resource
* PATCH : is a method of modifying resources where the client sends partial data that is to be updated without modifying the entire data  

## How do you make a defalut value in a schema?  
* Definition of it then add it mo mongoose 
``` 
const bookSchema=new mongoose.Schema({})  
```

## What does a 500 error status code mean?  
* Internal Server Error  

## What is the difference between a status `200` and a status `201`?  
* 200 : It means, simply, that the request was received and understood and is being processed.  
* 201:that a request was successful and as a result,