# Mongo and Mongoose  

## SQL	NoSQL
1. databases are relational _ databases are non-relational
2. databases use structured query language and have a predefined schema _ databases have dynamic schemas for unstructured data 
3.  databases are vertically scalable _ databases are horizontally scalable
4. databases are table-based _ [databases are document, key-value, graph, or wide-column stores
5. databases are better for multi-row transactions _ better for unstructured data like documents or JSON


## What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
* SQL databases are good fit for the complex query intensive environment

## Give a real world example.
1. MySql
2. Oracle
3. Sqlite
4. Postgres
5. MS-SQL  

## What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
* fits better for the hierarchical data storage as it follows the key-value pair way of storing data similar to JSON data

## Give a real world example.

1. MongoDB
2. BigTable
3. Redis
4. RavenDb
5. Cassandra
6. Hbase
7. Neo4j
8. CouchDb

## Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
* NoSQL

## Which type of database is best for scalability?
* MySQL

# Bookmark/Skim  

## What does SQL stand for?
* Structured Query Language

## What is a realational database?
* A relational database is a type of database that stores and provides access to data points that are related to one another. Relational databases are based on the relational model, an intuitive, straightforward way of representing data in tables

## What is a ‘schema’?
* The database schema is its structure described in a formal language supported by the database management system (DBMS). The term "schema" refers to the organization of data as a blueprint of how the database is constructed (divided into database tables in the case of relational databases).

## What is a NoSQL database?
* NoSQL databases are purpose built for specific data models and have flexible schemas for building modern applications. NoSQL databases are widely recognized for their ease of development, functionality, and performance at scale.

## Howo does it work?
* NoSQL databases use a variety of data models for accessing and managing data. These types of databases are optimized specifically for applications that require large data volume, low latency,

## What is inside of a Mongo database?
* In MongoDB, data is stored as documents. These documents are stored in MongoDB in JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format. JSON documents support embedded fields, so related data and lists of data can be stored with the document instead of an external table

## Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
* While MongoDB is more flexible and ensures high and diverse data availability, a SQL Database operates with the ACID (Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability) properties and ensures greater reliability of transactions.