# Solving Problems :- 

## Common mistakes: 

- The most mistakes of those is the improper allocation of time. 
- did not spending upfront time to make sure something is done right 
-  try to solve a programming problem is they try to start writing code as soon as possible. 
- Another big mistake is trying to over solve the solution on the first iteration.

## A simple set of steps : 
1. Read the problem completely twice:  
 You want to make sure you completely understand the problem.  A good test of this is whether or not you can explain the problem to someone else.   

 2. Solve the problem manually with 3 sets of sample data:  
 you solve the problem with at least three different inputs to make sure you really understand your solution and that it will work for more than one case.  

 3. Optimize the manual steps:  
  if there is another way you can solve the problem easier, or if there are some steps you can cut our or simplify.  
   
 4. Write the manual steps as comments or pseudo-code:  
   By doing this, we can know exactly what the structure of the code we are going to write is going to look like which makes the job of filling in the actual code later trivial. 

 5. Replace the comments or pseudo-code with real code:    
 All we do here is take each comment and convert it into a real line of code.  

 6. Optimize the real code:    
  make sure all your variables are named with long meaningful names.  
    
# Act like you make $1000/hr :-   

- many people could be making a fortune (if they used their time well)…but instead, they give away their time in unproductive ways that leave them broke, unhappy, and stuck.  

- It takes discipline to not become “busy.”  

- If you let it, your world and the people around you will take all your time. Your time is not unlike your paycheck; if you don’t budget for things, you’ll have nothing left over by the end of the month.  

- “The most successful people I know are not busy. They’re focused.”  

- For world-class performers, busyness and stress are the enemy. They’re a sign you’re off-track. It means you’ve been lazy and undisciplined, and have let too many unimportant tasks take you away from what really matters.  

- Extremely successful people don’t tolerate busywork or distraction. They have crystal clear vision on their goals, and do what they need to do to get there, every single day.

- Deep work means absolutely not tolerating distractions and producing monumental quality and quantity in a very short time.  

# How to think like a programmer:-  

- Unless you have a system, this is probably how you “solve” problems (which is what I did when I started coding):-  
1. Try a solution.  
2. If that doesn’t work, try another one.  
3. If that doesn’t work, repeat step 2 until you luck out.  

- The best way is involved having a framework and practicing it.
     - Have a framework :-  
     the steps that you should do when you encounter a new problem?  
     1. Understand :
      Know exactly what is being asked. Most hard problems are hard because you don’t understand them, 
      you know that you understand a problem When you can explain it in plain English.  
    2. Plan : Plan your solution! ,Nothing can help you if you can’t write down the exact steps.  
    3. Divide: Do not try to solve one big problem,  break it into sub-problems. These sub-problems are much easier to solve.  
    4. Stuck:   
    here are three things to try when facing a whammy:  
       - Debug :Go step by step through your solution trying to find where you went wrong.  
       - Reassess: Take a step back. Look at the problem from another perspective. Is there anything that can be abstracted to a more general approach?  
       - Research: Google. No matter what problem you have, someone has probably solved it. Find that person/ solution. In fact, do this even if you solved the problem! (You can learn a lot from other people’s solutions).   

    - Practice:-  
    Don’t expect to be great after just one week. If you want to be a good problem-solver, solve a lot of problems!  
    It’ll only be a matter of time before you recognize that “this problem could easily be solved.  

# The 5 Whys Technique :-  

### How to Use the 5 Whys? 
The model follows a very simple seven-step process:  
1. Assemble a Team
2. Define the Problem
3. Ask the First "Why?"
4. Ask "Why?" Four More Times
5. Know When to Stop
6. Address the Root Cause(s)
7. Monitor Your Measures