# Context API : 

### Describe use cases `useState()` vs `useReducer()` ? 
- useReducer is usually preferable to useState when you have complex state logic that involves multiple sub-values or when the next state depends on the previous one. useReducer also lets you optimize performance for components that trigger deep updates because you can pass dispatch down instead of callbacks.

- useState does not automatically merge update objects, Another option is useReducer , which is more suited for managing state objects that contain multiple sub-values. 

### Why do custom hooks need the use prefix? 
- React has established this as a naming convention, so it makes it obvious that it is a hook. This is a best practice that should be followed to enhance code readability. 

### What do custom hooks usually do? 
-  allow us to have cleaner functional components, remove logic from the UI layer 

### Using any list of custom hooks, research and name one that you think will be useful in your applications 
- useRequireAuth, is a way to redirect the user if they are signed out and trying to view a page that should require them to be authenticated. 

### Describe how a hook that fetches API data might work ? 
- You could use axios, superagent or fetch to fetch API data and it's likely that you would want to use them with the useEffect hook in order to fetch data when a page loads or re-renders. 

## Vocabulary  : 
- reducer : is  a pure function that takes an action and the previous state of the application and returns the new state. 

## Preparation Materials : 

- Context is designed to share data that can be considered “global” for a tree of React components, such as the current authenticated user, theme, or preferred language.  
- Examble : 
   ``` 
      // Context lets us pass a value deep into the component tree
      // without explicitly threading it through every component.
      // Create a context for the current theme (with "light" as the default).
  const ThemeContext = React.createContext('light');

  class App extends React.Component {
  render() {
     // Use a Provider to pass the current theme to the tree below.
     // Any component can read it, no matter how deep it is.
     // In this example, we're passing "dark" as the current value.
    return (
      <ThemeContext.Provider value="dark">
        <Toolbar />
      </ThemeContext.Provider>
    );
   }
  } 

     // A component in the middle doesn't have to
     // pass the theme down explicitly anymore.
  function Toolbar() {
  return (
    <div>
      <ThemedButton />
    </div>
   );
  }

  class ThemedButton extends React.Component {
     // Assign a contextType to read the current theme context.
     // React will find the closest theme Provider above and use its value.
     // In this example, the current theme is "dark".
  static contextType = ThemeContext;
  render() {
    return <Button theme={this.context} />;
  }
  }
   ```
- 