# AWS: API, Dynamo and Lambda

### What are serverless functions?

- is a programmatic function written by a software developer for a single purpose. It's then hosted and maintained on infrastructure by cloud computing companies. These companies take care of code maintenance and execution so that developers can deploy new code faster and easier.

### If you were to create a system that emulated Lambda functions, how would you do it?

- The system would require sockets and listeners between various servers and resources

### Describe how a CDN works

- CDN stores a cached version of its content in multiple geographical locations (a.k.a., points of presence, or PoPs). Each PoP contains a number of caching servers responsible for content delivery to visitors within its proximity.

## Vocabulary

- Serverless Functions:  a programmatic function written by a software developer for a single purpose.
- Cloud Storage :allows you to save data and files in an off-site location that you access either through the public internet or a dedicated private network connection.
- CDN: is a highly-distributed platform of servers that helps minimize delays in loading web page content by reducing the physical distance between the server and the user. 

## Preparation Materials: 

- Amazon API Gateway is a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs at any scale . 
- DynamoDB is a hosted NoSQL database offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It offers:
  - reliable performance even as it scales;
  - a managed experience, so you won't be SSH-ing into servers to upgrade the crypto libraries;
  - a small, simple API allowing for simple key-value access as well as more advanced query patterns.
- Dynamoose is a modeling tool for Amazon's DynamoDB. Dynamoose is heavily inspired by Mongoose, which means if you are coming from Mongoose the syntax will be very familar.

