# Bearer Authorization : 

### Write the following steps in the correct order: 
1. Ask the client if they want to sign in via a third party
2. Redirect to a third party authentication endpoint
3. Register your application to get a client_id and client_secret
4. Make a request to a third-party API endpoint
5. Receive authorization code
6. Make a request to the access token endpoint
7. Receive access token

### What can you do with an authorization code?
-  authorizes its user to purchase, sell or transfer items, or to enter information into a security-protected space. 

### What can you do with an access token? 
- applications use to make API requests on behalf of a user.

### What’s a benefit of using OAuth instead of your own basic authentication?
-  enables apps to obtain limited access (scopes) to a user's data without giving away a user's password 


 ##  Vocabulary:- 
 - Client ID: The id read-only property of the Client interface returns the universally unique identifier of the Client object. 
 - Client Secret:must be kept secret or anyone could potently use your application credentials. 
 - Endpoint authentication: is a security mechanism designed to ensure that only authorized devices can connect to a given network, site or service.
 - access token endpoint:  is where apps make a request to get an access token for a user 
 - API Endpoint : is one end of a communication channel . 
 - authorization code is an alphanumeric password that authorizes its user to purchase, sell or transfer items. 
 - Access Token: Access tokens are used in token-based authentication to allow an application to access an API. 

## JWT 

### What is JSON Web Token (JWT) ? 
- it is an open standard (RFC 7519) that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed. 

### When should you use JSON Web Tokens? 
- Authorization:Once the user is logged in, each subsequent request will include the JWT, allowing the user to access routes, services, and resources that are permitted with that token 
- Information Exchange: JSON Web Tokens are a good way of securely transmitting information between parties. Because JWTs can be signed—for example, using public/private key pairs—you can be sure the senders are who they say they are. Additionally, as the signature is calculated using the header and the payload, you can also verify that the content hasn't been tampered with. 


### What is the JSON Web Token structure?
- JSON Web Tokens consist of three parts :   
   1. Header: The header typically consists of two parts: the type of the token, which is JWT, and the signing algorithm being used, example :
   ```
   {
  "alg": "HS256",
  "typ": "JWT"
   }
   ```
   2. Payload: The second part of the token is the payload, which contains the claims, example: 
    ```
   {
  "sub": "1234567890",
  "name": "John Doe",
  "admin": true
   }
    ```
   3. Signature : To create the signature part you have to take the encoded header, the encoded payload, a secret, the algorithm specified in the header, and sign that, example : 
    ```
   HMACSHA256(
   base64UrlEncode(header) + "." +
   base64UrlEncode(payload),
   secret)
    ```

## How do JSON Web Tokens work? 
- In authentication, when the user successfully logs in using their credentials, a JSON Web Token will be returned.