# Redux - Asynchronous Actions

### How granular should your reducers be?

- A Redux app really only has one reducer function: the "root reducer" function that you will pass to createStore. That one root reducer function is responsible for handling all of the actions that are dispatched, and calculating what the entire new state result should be every time.

### Pro or Con – multiple reducers can “fire” when a commonly named action is dispatched

- Each time an action is dispatched, every connected component will be notified, and as a result all of the selectors used by those connected components must be re-evaluated, and no matter what we pass to dispatch, it is still a single action, and many reducers can react to a single actions, a single reducer can react to multiple actions.

### Name a strategy for preventing the above

- Redux Thunk middleware allows you to write action creators that return a function instead of an action. The thunk can be used to delay the dispatch of an action, or to dispatch only if a certain condition is met.

---  

## Vocabulary

- store: store holds the whole state tree of your application. The only way to change the state inside it is to dispatch an action on it. A store is not a class. It's just an object with a few methods on it. To create it, pass your root reducing function to createStore  
  
- combined reducers : The combineReducers helper function turns an object whose values are different reducing functions into a single reducing function you can pass to createStore . The resulting reducer calls every child reducer, and gathers their results into a single state object.

---

### Preparation Materials

- Redux Thunk is a middleware that lets you call action creators that return a function instead of an action object. That function receives the store's dispatch method, which is then used to dispatch regular synchronous actions inside the function's body once the asynchronous operations have been completed.
