## Name 3 real world use cases where you’d want to change the request with custom middleware : 
1. Authentication 
2. Error Handling 
3. Logging-in 

##  True or false: The route handler is middleware? 
- true  

## In what ways can a middleware function end the process and send data to the browser?  
- Sending an error message by passing a string to next("string")  

## At what point in the request lifecycle can you “inject” middleware? 
- Between in the middle of the request and the response . 

## What can cause express to error with “Request headers sent twice, cannot start a second response” 
- When a server tries to send several responses for one request 

# Document the following Vocabulary Terms 

- Middleware : a middleware is basically a function that will the receive the Request and Response objects  
- Request Object : The req object represents the HTTP request and has properties for the request query string, parameters, body, HTTP headers, and so on.  
- Response Object: The res object represents the HTTP response that an Express app sends when it gets an HTTP request.
- Application Middleware: Application level middleware are bound to an instance of express, using app. use()
- Routing Middleware: Routing defines the way in which the client requests are handled by the application endpoints.
-  Test Driven Development :  is an iterate process that begins with writing a test code for an application or function before starting out to write the application.   
-  Behavioral Testing: focused on the behaviour of users rather than the technical functions of the software. 
