# Socket.io 

### What is the benefit of transforming data into packets? 
- Data packets are able to find the destination without the use of a dedicated channel. Reduces lost data packets because packet switching allows for resending of packets. More cost-effective since there is no need for a dedicated channel for voice or data traffic.

### UDP is often refereed to as a connectionless protocol. Why is this? 
-  because it doesn't require a virtual circuit to be established before any data transfer occurs. The communication protocol just sends the packets, which means it has much lower bandwidth overhead and latency.

### Can a socket server application have multiple socket connections? 
- Multiple connections on the same server can share the same server-side IP/Port pair as long as they are associated with different client-side IP/Port pairs, and the server would be able to handle as many clients as available system resources allow it to.

### Can a socket connection application be connected to multiple socket servers? 
- A connected socket is assigned to a new (dedicated) port, so it means that the number of concurrent connections is limited by the number of ports, unless multiple sockets can share the same port.

### Can an application be both a socket server and a socket connection? 
- if iam understand will i think no becuse how the application will  create a socket and connection with it in the same application . 

## Vocabulary: 

- Observer Pattern: a subscription model in which objects subscribe to an event and get notified when the event occurs.
- Listener : is a procedure in JavaScript that waits for an event to occur .
- Event Handler : the JavaScript code that invokes a specific piece of code.
- Event Driven Programming:  the first time that your code will not be executed in a linear flow which is how JavaScript is generally programmed to execute - from the first line of code to the last.
- Event Loop:  the secret behind JavaScript's asynchronous programming .
- Event Queue: responsible for sending new functions to the track for processing.
- Call Stack : a mechanism for an interpreter
- Emit/Raise/Trigger :Initializes an event object and dispatches it to the current element.
- Subscribe :  JavaScript object that defines the handlers for the notifications you receive.
- database : It allows you to create a relational database and query it entirely in the browser.
