# Redux - Combined Reducers

### Why choose Redux instead of the Context API for global state?

- Context API is easy to is use as it has a short learning curve. It requires less code, and because there's no need of extra libraries, bundle sizes are reduced.
  
### What is the purpose of a reducer?

- A reducer is a function that determines changes to an application's state. It uses the action it receives to determine this change.

### What does an action contain?

- Actions are the only source of information for the store in redux and It carries a payload of information from your application to store.

### Why do we need to copy the state in a reducer?

- If the new state is different, the reducer must create new object, and making a copy is a way to describe the unchanged part.

---

## Vocabulary

- immutable state :  its value cannot be changed once it's created.  
  
- time travel in redux : its allows us to set the state of the application to a desired value and generate the exact UI that will be created under those conditions .  
  
- action creator: is merely a function that returns an action object. Redux includes a utility function called bindActionCreators for binding one or more action creators to the store's dispatch() function.  
  
- reducer : In Redux, a reducer is a pure function that takes an action and the previous state of the application and returns the new state.  
  
- dispatch :  dispatch is a function of the Redux store. You call store. dispatch to dispatch an action. This is the only way to trigger a state change. With React Redux, your components never access the store directly - connect does it for you.
  