# AWS: Cloud Servers

### Describe the Web-Request-Response-Cycle

- how a user’s request flows through the app.
   1. A user opens his browser, types in a URL, and presses Enter.
   2. When a user presses Enter, the browser makes a request for that URL.
   3. The request hits the Rails router (config/routes.rb). The router maps the URL to the correct controller and action to handle the request.
   4. The action receives the request and passes it on to the view.
   5. The view renders the page as HTML.
   6. The controller sends the HTML back to the browser. The page loads and the user sees it.
  
### Explain what a “server” is, as it relates to the WRRC

- A server is a computer program or device that provides a service to another computer program and its user, also known as the client. In a data center, the physical computer that a server program runs on is also frequently referred to as a server.

### What does it mean to “deploy” an application?

- the process of installing, configuring, and enabling a specific application or set of applications

## Vocabulary

- Server:that mean the code is run on the server which is serving web pages.  
  
- Pub/Sub:(Publisher/Subscriber) is an asynchronous messaging service that decouples services that produce events from services that process events.

- WRRC: The request/response cycle traces how a user's request flows through the app. Understanding the request/response cycle is helpful to figure out which files to edit when developing an app (and where to look when things aren't working).

## Preparation Materials

1. Virtual Machines
   - its mean execute your code in an environment that is platform-independent.  

2. VMS and the Cloud  

   - Cloud computing is when your computing needs are met on remote hardware (paid service)

3. AWS EC2

   - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides scalable computing capacity in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud. Using Amazon EC2 eliminates your need to invest in hardware up front, so you can develop and deploy applications faster..

4. EC2 For Humans

   - EC2 allows you to have your own servers to host your apps
  