# Research, and Discussion 

### What does it mean that web sockets are bidirectional? Why is this useful?
- This enables the server to send real-time updates asynchronously, without requiring the client to submit a request each time.

### Does socket.io use HTTP? Why?
- it depends on HTTP for its initial connection setup. 

### What happens when a client emits an event?
-  the server will execute the handler function (on) for that event.

### What happens when a server emits an event?
- All listening clients will  sends the data.

### What happens if a client “misses” an event?
- They would not execute the handler function for that event.

### How can we mitigate this?
- By creating handlers for each event.


## Vocabulary : 
- Socket: an endpoint of a communication between two programs running on a network.
  
- Web Socket: is a computer communications protocol, providing full-duplex communication channels over a single TCP connection. The WebSocket protocol was standardized by the IETF as RFC 6455 in 2011, and the WebSocket API in Web IDL is being standardized by the W3C. 
  
- Socket.io : is a library that enables real-time, bidirectional and event-based communication between the browser and the server.  
  
- Client:is a piece of computer hardware or software that accesses a service made available by a server as part of the client–server model of computer networks. The server is often (but not always) on another computer system, in which case the client accesses the service by way of a network. 
  
- Server:is a computer that serves information to other computers. These computers, called clients, can connect to a server through either a local area network or a wide area network, such as the internet. A server is a vital piece of your IT infrastructure. 

- OSI Model: Seven layers of protocols that transport internet data around the world.

- TCP Model: It stands for Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol. The TCP/IP model is a concise version of the OSI model.


- TCP:Transmission Control Protocol... simply, it is a way/protocol of making sure that sent data is received on the other end. 


- UDP:UDP (User Datagram Protocol) is a communications protocol that is primarily used for establishing low-latency and loss-tolerating connections between applications on the internet.


- Packets:is a small amount of data sent over a network, such as a LAN or the Internet. Similar to a real-life package, each packet includes a source and destination as well as the content (or data) being transferred. 
