# Hook :

### How does React differ from vanilla JS/HTML/CSS?
- Plain JS apps usually start with the initial UI created on the server (as HTML), whereas React apps start with a blank HTML page, and dynamically create the initial state in JavaScript. React requires you to break your UI into components, but plain JS apps can be structured in any way you see fit.

### What is the primary difference between a function component and a class component? 
- A functional component is just a plain JavaScript function that accepts props as an argument and returns a React element. A class component requires you to extend from React.  


## Vocabulary :

- Functional Components : is a function that takes props and returns JSX
  
- Children / Child Components : It is a component that allow you to pass data to other component  

### Why Hooks?
- We know that components and top-down data flow help us organize a large UI into small, independent, reusable pieces. However, we often can’t break complex components down any further because the logic is stateful and can’t be extracted to a function or another component. Sometimes that’s what people mean when they say React doesn’t let them “separate concerns.” 
- We think Hooks are our best shot at solving all of these problems. Hooks let us organize the logic inside a component into reusable isolated units:
   
- 
Ex for Hooks : 
``` 
import React, { useState } from 'react';

function Example() {
  // Declare a new state variable, which we'll call "count"
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  return (
    <div>
      <p>You clicked {count} times</p>
      <button onClick={() => setCount(count + 1)}>
        Click me
      </button>
    </div>
  );
}
``` 
