# AWS: Events

## Review, Research, and Discussion

### Describe the similarities between AWS API Gateway + Lambda functions and an ExpressJS Server

- Both have routes, and the lambda function acts like a middleware or an endpoint function in Express

### List the AWS Database offerings and talk about the pros and cons of each

- The S3 is a very simple database option
- Dynamoose is more advanced with NoSQL attributes, it is tremendously beneficial

### What’s the difference between a FIFO and a standard queue?

- Standard queues provide at-least-once delivery, which means that each message is delivered at least once.
- FIFO queues provide exactly-once processing, which means that each message is delivered once and remains available until a consumer processes it and deletes it.

### How can the server be assured a message was properly received?

- When having an event in the client side to emit what received from the server.

## Vocabulary

- Serverless API:using API Gateway you can create RESTful APIs that enable real-time two-way communication applications, API Gateway supports containerzied and serverless workloads as well as web applications.
  
- Triggers: are procedures that are stored in the database and are implicitly run, or fired, when something happens. Traditionally, triggers supported the execution of a PL/SQL block when an INSERT , UPDATE , or DELETE occurred on a table or view. Triggers support system and other data events on DATABASE and SCHEMA  
  
- Dynamo vs Mongo:  is an open-source modeling tool for Amazon's DynamoDB. Mongoose: is an Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for MongoDB and Node. js. It manages relationships between data, provides schema validation, and is used to translate between objects in code and the representation of those objects in MongoDB
  
- Dynamoose vs Mongoose: Dynamoose is a DynamoDB API structured like Mongoose, lets us provide a schema and perform CRUD operations against a DynamoDB table, installed via node and configured based on role.
