# Access Control (ACL) 

### When is Basic Authorization used vs. Bearer Authorization? 
- Basic Auth → Signin || Authentication
- Bearer Auth → to stayed signed in with each request || Authorization

### What does the JSON Web Token package do? 
defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object.  

### What considerations should we make when creating and storing a SECRET? 
- it must be stored at .env 
- it must be Complicated words 
- you shod not wright it any place in the code 

## Vocabulary : 

- encryption :It is the process of encoding information... making it readable only to authorized parties. 
- token:it is the smallest individual words, phrases, or characters that JavaScript can understand. 
- bearer: The bearer is the holder of the token. 
- secret : a key that is added when generating the token as part of it to scure it more.
- JSON Web Token : an RFC 7519 open industry standard for representing claims between two parties. 


### What is RBAC? 
- RBAC is  the idea of assigning system access to users based on their role within an organization.  

### Benefits of RBAC? 
- With the proper implementation of RBAC, the assignment of access rights becomes systematic and repeatable. Further, it is much easier to audit user rights, and to correct any issues identified. 

### RBAC implementation : 
1. Inventory your systems :
2. Analyze your workforce and create roles
3. Assign people to roles
4.  Never make one-off changes
5.  Audit
