# AWS: S3 and Lambda

### Describe “The Cloud”

- refers to software and services that run on the Internet, instead of locally on your computer.

### What is a container (as it relates to computers and servers)?

- a standard unit of software that packages up code and all its dependencies so the application runs quickly and reliably from one computing environment to another.

### What is auto-scaling?

- AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost.

### What is bandwidth?

- It is the maximum rate of data transfer across a given path. Bandwidth may be characterized as network bandwidth, data bandwidth, or digital bandwidth

### How do cloud providers compute service costs?

- calculating costs for network hardware, network infrastructure maintenance, and labor

## Vocabulary

- Server Instances :is a collection of SQL Server databases which are run by a solitary SQL Server service or instance.
- Containers : containers. They take the form of a small piece of code that you place into your website, typically in a part of the markup common to all pages such as a header template or include file.
- Cloud Services : its refers to a wide range of services delivered on demand to companies and customers over the internet
- Cloud Architecture :  the technology components that are combined to build a cloud, where resources are pooled through virtualization technology and shared across a network
- AWS : Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally.
- EC2/Beanstalk vs Heroku :
  - Heroku: is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.
  - EC2/Beanstalk: is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, . NET, PHP, Node.
