# Event Driven Applications: 

### Why is access control important?
- Access control models are responsible for granting or restricting access to resources.  

### Describe an application that would need access control. 
- any application you need to make an profile on it  need access control to make sure that no one will control with your information like facebook, inestagram,...

### What is a role used for?
- give the user exact permission . 

### Why is role based access control more scalable than discretionary or mandatory access control? 
- Because roles can be added easily if needed.
- Actions for each role can be easily modified and will be updated for all users. 


## Vocabulary: 

- Authorization:  be used to provide credentials that authenticate a user agent with a server.
- Role Based Access Control : an approach used to restrict access to certain parts of the system to only authorized users 
- Capabilities: runtime object construction, variable parameter lists, function variables. 


## Node.js 

- Node.js is event-driven. It relies on the events core module to achieve the event-driven architecture. 

- Node.js natively provides us with a useful module called `EventEmitter` that allows us to get started incorporating Event-Driven Programming in our project right away. Of course, creating our own version of EventEmitter wouldn’t be much of a challange, and in fact there are several modules published on npm such as `EventEmitter2` and `EventEmitter3` which promise a faster performance than the native EventEmitter.
    ```
  const EventEmitter = require('events').EventEmitter;
  const myEventEmitter = new EventEmitter;
    ```
- Removing Listeners : To remove event listeners in `EventEmitter` we can use the `removeListener` or `removeAllListeners` method. It’s important to note that in the `EventEmitter` that comes built-in with Node you must pass a reference to the exact function you wish to remove when using the `removeListener` method.  
- 