# Authentication 

### Explain what a “Singleton” is (in Computer Science terms): 
-It is character encoded with one unit in variable-width encoding schemes for computer character sets.

### Explain how the Singleton pattern can be used with Node modules, specifically with classes? 
- Singleton is used by creating a ES6 class.
- to make sure that you have one and only one instance of an object.
- A singleton represents a single instance of an object.

### If you were tasked with building a middleware system like Express uses, what approach might you take to construct/operate it? 
write npm packages with all middlwares and then deploy it using npm 

## Terms : 
- Router Middleware : refers to how an application’s endpoints (URIs) respond to client requests. For an introduction to routing, see Basic routing. 
- Dynamic Module Loading:it is a mechanism by which a computer program can, at run time, load a library (or other binary) into memory, retrieve the addresses of functions and variables contained in the library, execute those functions or access those variables, and unload the library from memory.
- Singleton Pattern: It is a design pattern where a class or function can only have one instance... making it shareable through different resources without losing information or needing to recreate it. It is a very controversial design pattern that can cause errors, but some programmers like to use it in niche cases. 
- CRUD -> REST Method Matches:
```
Create-> post
read-> get
update -> put
delete -> delete
``` 
- Mock Testing:  is an approach to unit testing that lets you make assertions about how the code under test is interacting with other system modules. 
  

### Securing Passwords : 
- Passwords are the first line of defense against cyber criminals.

- Cryptographic hash algorithms MD5, SHA1, SHA256, SHA512, SHA-3 are general purpose hash functions, designed to calculate a digest of huge amounts of data in as short a time as possible.

- The benefit of hashing is that if someone steals the database with hashed passwords, they only make off with the hashes and not the actual plaintext passwords.

### basic access authentication : 
- is a method for an HTTP user agent (e.g. a web browser) to provide a user name and password when making a request. 


