# Data Modeling : 

## Name 3 advantages to Test Driven Development: 
- Better program design and higher code quality.
- Reduces the time required for project development.
- Code flexibility and easier maintenance.

## In what case would you need to use beforeEach() or afterEach() in a test suite? 
- when a method needs to be run before a test and another method run after it. 

## What is one downside of Test Driven Development ? 
- if the developer leaves or forgets the reason that the test returns one specific value and not some other. 

## What’s the primary difference between ES6 Classes and Constructor/Prototype Classes? 
- ES6 Classes are syntactical sugar so it is much easier to implement. 

## Why REST?
1. REST is Easy to Understand and Implement.
2. REST Makes your Application More Scalable.
3. Caching is Easier with REST.
4. REST is Flexibile.

## Vocabulary : 
- Functional Programming : is a programming paradigm where you mostly construct and structure your code using functions.
- object-oriented programming (OOP): It is the ability of creating different objects from a common object. 
- class :its  a template for creating objects.
- super :a keyword to call the super constructor
- this :a keyword to define properties inside the {}
- Test Driven Development (TDD):is an iterate process that begins with writing a test code for an application or function before starting out to write the application 
- Jest :a JavaScript test runner 
- Continuous Integration (CI) : the process of automating the build and testing of code every time a team member commits changes to version control.  
- REST:stands for REpresentational State Transfer 
- Data Model:a model that describe the data and their relations. 
